People are living with poor mental health, struggling to manage active addictions and take care of themselves. If someone is struggling to understand their mental illness and manage their symptoms, a mental health questionnaire could be a life-saving tool. It will help to diagnose issues like mental emptiness, anxiety, and depression. It is important to raise awareness about mental health, reduce the stigma associated with mental illness, promote help-seeking behaviors and emotional well-being practices, and prevent suicide through individual education and outreach events. 
It also affects the people who are close to the user like family and close friends. Even bring down their performance which leads to worsening their mental health even more. It is essential that they are cared for from the beginning, understand with compassion, and help them heal and recover fully. Due to the modern way of life, these people tend to live alone and apart from their descendants. so it is important to know what they are actually thinking and if they need any mental support. So having this mental health questionnaire and analyzing this will help to know if they need any medication or any therapy in the long term.It also helps to do analysis on the basis of factors like employment, aging, gender and covid -19 pandemic, and so on.
The project is based on identifying and analyzing mental health issues in the early stage and processing data sets in the hopes of revealing patterns that would help identify causes, signs, and symptoms of mental illnesses. It can be proposed as a good prospect for improving not only the efficiency and the effectiveness but also the quality of healthcare services delivery. 

Conclusion:
every node has a plotted Histogram. if a person has a good or bad mental state. If it's no then it checks the other nodes, first will be the employment status which is employed, unemployed, student, and self-employed. After This, it checks if the eating and sleeping habits are good or not.
